R6 Red Sparks vs Pink Spiders (Adu tim lapis 2)
Dodnam, the 6th round of the women's league in the 2024-2025 season of the v-League, Jeong Kwan-jang, Red Sparks University Heungkuk Life Pink Spiders, the leading actor in the game of 1 win, KBS volleyball commentator in Korea, and
I will do it together. First of all, I'm worried about the home team's Jeong Kwan-jang and the injured players. First of all, we need to confirm the 2nd place, but Park Eun-jin and Bukirich are on the brakes due to the injury
But it's more advantageous to fix this. That's why the players who come in on behalf of these players should do their best until the end. Yes, I heard that the injury comes without notice, but right now, it's quite
I think we've lost a lot of momentum for the second place fight. So to focus on the playoffs, I think we need to prepare for the playoffs from today's game.
Except for spring, depending on how much Park Eun-hee and Bouquet recovered and what kind of performance they showed
I think it will be judged whether you can do it or not. So, we're going to do our best to focus on recovering. The fans of Heungkuk Life Insurance, the away team, are now
I'm suffering from a mental injury. After Kim Yeon-koung announced her retirement, fans are disappointed. I'm not sure. I'm sure the rest of the game is No. 1 in the regular league
There are still games left until the final championship, so fans must continue to accompany them.
This is the sold-out procession of Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon where the game was held today. After the announcement of Kim Yeon-kyung's retirement, all the matches of Heungkuk Life have been sold out
I think the fans are trying not to miss a single moment of disappointment. And this is Kim Yeonkyung's last regular league match A lot of people came to see us. Yes, today's key word is injury
It's a game where you can predict rotation to a certain extent, but I hope to see players who are not injured and emerging in the process. This is Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon. I'll be back in a minute.
Sketchers comfort is powerful. I'm always ready
Sketchers hands-free sleeping bins with the power of comfort because you make me a person who continues to challenge for a long time
People who have eaten this gartan say. Differences in ingredients make a difference in effectiveness. Swelling and bleeding gum disease changes the gums with four components. I got a toothburn for gum disease.
Yes, it's Chungmu Gymnasium again. Dodram 2024-20029 Season V League Women's Round 6
It's currently Soon-ri. Heungkuk Life Insurance has confirmed the top spot in the regular league with 76 points. Chung has 58 points and Hyundai Engineering & Construction 57 points. Fierce
It's a battle for second place, but both teams have rarely secured points. First of all, I think the players' recovery is more important. Yes
Hyundai E&C is currently in a three-game losing streak and Jeong Kwan-jang has played three games and is currently 1-2 games. Both teams played five games this season
Director Jung won only once. Round 3, December 17th
Heungkuk Life captured both games in a row.
Round 4 and 5, the last round. Round 5
With this victory in the first game, Heungkuk Life Insurance
He took the lead in the fight for first place. That's right.
It's Kim Yeon-koung. I'm 36 years old this year
I'm a little disappointed. Yes, that’s right. So, the skills
It's still so good that many fans are sad about Kim Yeon-koung's retirement
I have no choice but to do it. Yes, it's really at the top. It's like the quick open and the attack part, too
It's always been in the tower.
The past 20 years of Korean volleyball have been to Kim Yeon-koung
You'll feel like it's condensed.
It's a mega player. The 1st attack, 2nd guard, 2nd open
It's a match between Mega and Kim Hyun-kyung. That's right.
They represent both teams.
The 4th round MVP was taken by Mega. Yes
Here's today's selection list. Oh, it's changed a lot. Yes, the home team's articles of association
Kim Chae Na 1, Jeon Dabin 2, Lee Jisoo 3, Lee Sun Woo 4
Park Hae-min, number 5 and Lee Hae-dang, number 6. In the case of Jaheungguk Life Insurance, we start with Choi Hyun-ji. Lim Hyerim, Moon Jiyoon, Kim Daeun, Byun Ji-soo, Park Hyo-jin and
Park Soo-hyun is wearing a Libero uniform for the first time. From both teams, Park Soo Hyun and
Lee Hae-dam will make her first professional debut.
I'm Ko Hee-jin, head coach of the home team Jeong Kwan-jang.
These players
I think it's going to be a game where we need to build a foothold for that growth. Yes
Both teams have confirmed that Heungkuk Life is No. 1 in the regular league
In the case of Jung Geun-byung, a large number of players have now been replaced due to injured players. Referee Choi Seong-kwon
Next are referee Lee Ju-pil and game committee member Lee Myung-hee.
With Kwon Daejin's pride today
I'm the referee of the game.
Today, the list of people that we've already known
It's a bit different from the list of games you've been familiar with
It's also fun to see new players. That's right. It's today's game to see the potential of the players
I think that's going to be a point to watch.
If these players impress the coaches in today's game
You'll get more opportunities in the rest of the game and more importantly, experience. Yes
It's the last time for both teams to play in the regular season league
It's this game. It could be Kim Yeon-koung's last game in Daejeon.
Well, if Director Jung comes to the championship match, the story will be different, but yes, no one knows that.
It's the last game in the regular league. The first set has begun.
I'm Moon Jihoon from the right. Yes, the god
Good reception and powerful attack from Moon Jihoon came out, and Park Se-hyun
Yes because it's the first time a player is wearing a Libero uniform
There are the most in this stadium today
I was very nervous. Park Soo Hyun has been
I've seen him serve a lot in the middle. That's right.
And in the original industry
They're the main players. Yes
Backtos to the right
Blocked. Scored
Self-sustaining country life
At first, the atmosphere looked very good, but Kim Da-won and Byun Ji-soo blocked well. Former player Dabin
In this case, he's been playing since Bukirich's injury, but he's a rookie
He's maintaining his senses in today's game. Yes
There was a blocking score by Kim Da-sol. Park Hae-min got it. It's on the left
I'm blocked from pushing, Kim Da-eun got Choi Yoon-soo, and I'm Lee Sun-woo. Scoring, the non-mainstream players of both teams
Lee Sun-woo and Kim Da-hoon and Moon Ji-hoon are good players because they have been named in the existing national team. Yes
I'm Dabin's serve. I'm looking forward to this season. That's right. It's a little off the south. I'm Dabin
But for the 2nd game in a row
He came out as a starter. Today is the 3rd game in a row. He's very confident
I'm sure I've grown it up a little. Yeah
9 points in the previous game, 9 points in the previous game, but I was a player who showed a remarkable attack success rate of 69% in the previous game. Today, the players
The result of the game is important
The process is more important. Yes
You have to prove it a little bit in a certain way.
Sub-Equity of this index
Park Su Bin already got it. The left side, Si Seok Hoon, Kim Da Eun, that's enough
Back course well gun
It didn't hit the groove. Kim Se-na Back Course, right Lee Sun-woo scores
So, since they're not the players that used to go in, it can be a little confusing in terms of breathing. Yes, then the team that focuses more can gain the upper hand first
Now, players with some skills and experience need to lead well at the beginning. Jeonggwanjang Kim Se-ah and Lee Sun-woo have good chemistry so far. That's right. The serve is good. It was a serve. The left side of the tooth is blocked with difficulty.
I couldn't get the down again. a blocked score
Is it Lee Hae-dam's blocking score? If you look here, it was Kim Daeun and Lee Hae Dam's blocking points
[Voiceover] That's right. Lee Hae-dam is also a member of the volleyball family. That's right. Those who saw it before will know Hong Ji-won. Kim Daeun during the days of Jeong Yi-ho in Honam
Now I'm back in defense. Manager Jung's defense is persistent today. Lee Sung-hoon
The straight-scoring player Lee Sun-woo is also an offensive player and a player who can fully play the role of an ace. Yes. From the beginning, Lee Sunwoo scored Jeong Kwanjang's points
I'm leading the way. Lee Sun-woo hit it well in a straight line. Player Lee Sunwoo
a score of 6 to 3
Heungkuk Life Insurance clearly had a good momentum in the beginning, but as Lee Sung-hyun's attack began to explode, Lee Hae-dam's blocking and Park Hae-min's attack are also exploding. Yes
And now, Lee Ji-soo's serve continues, and Heungkuk Life Insurance needs to pull it out quickly. That's right. First of all, receiving is important for Heungkuk Life. Jisoo's reception kept shaking
Jumpae's serve went out. I was aiming for Kim Daeun, but it's a little off. I think the players need to play more boldly now
It's an atmosphere where the coaches of both teams keep encouraging the players rather than pushing them when they make a mistake. Yes, we need to show bold play. Prepare Daeun's serve.
Heungkuk Life's rear-end attack, which is a defensive defense by pushing the left seed pine tree. Yes, I couldn't pass it over. It's a mistake.
If Kim Daeun's offense players continue to play like this, there will be mistakes that overlap with each other
I've never run before
You have to be most careful about this. Lee Seok's serve was aimed at the side bound line
I was aiming for the 5th place
It's a little off. But so far, the coaches of both teams
It's an atmosphere where they understand a lot.
Now, 7 to 5 right now
Both teams are in a hectic situation. I pushed it long and hit it.
Left defense is good. Now, this is a success.
I got Baby Dabi, and left side Park Tae Min
First of all, Jeong Kwan-jang's attack score is much better in the beginning. Yes, Park Hyemin
It was the offensive line of Jeong Kwan-jang, who was holding up well by Lee Sun-woo. First of all, Lee Sun-woo is showing a 75% success rate of three points. Yes, Lee Hae Dam also scored a goal
Park Hye-min is also scoring two points.
On the other hand, in the case of Heungkuk Life Insurance, there is no other than Byun Ji-soo's blocking score and Moon Ji-yoon's attacking score.
Kim Yeon-koung announced her retirement
And the game after that was played on Feb. 16 against IBK Industrial Bank of Korea in Hwaseong
It's sold out for four consecutive games. That's right. They're showing exclusive tickets until Daejeon today
Including the rest of the children's games and the championship game
It's going to be sold out. Yes
You have to hurry up and make a reservation.
Yes, we have to let him go
You don't want to let me go. Kim Hyunkyung played for four seasons
There were times when foreign players were now in first place
There were times when Kim Yeon-koung took the position
It was number one in all indicators of the attack. That's right. Among Korean players, he's No. 1 in attack
No. 1 in scoring and No. 1 in pick-open
Kim Yeon-koung, who is in first place in all areas of rear attack. I've received 3 laus emphys this season
It was Kim Yeon-koung. Cha Hyun-ji
The Olympics are up there.
Jeon Dabin from the left. Yes, Jeon Dabin's score. Like today's game, the main player
If you take both players out
You can prove how much depth this team has. Yes
Uh, it's still early in the first set, but Director Jung's depth looks better.
Jeon Da-bin is a complete rookie. That's right.
Park Hae Min's sub, Kim Daeun
Park Soo-hyun's 2nd stage of surprise 2nd stage attack passed it for now.
Push from the center
Moon Jiyoon posted it and Choi Eun Ji again
This is Jeong Kwan-jang, who is defending. I got 1 point for the left answer.
Rather, it was deflected off the net and fell to the side without a defender. Park Se-hyun, of course, continues to practice as a libero
I did, but it's my first time playing in a game right now. That's right. I'm very nervous. Since the warm-up, my face has been a bit blurry. That's right. He looked very nervous.
This time, it's a 10-to-6 sub mistake. But it's really big to have players step on the court as the main players during the regular season
It can be seen as an opportunity, and of course, you will be nervous, but if you play well today, you will have grown a lot without realizing it. Yes, I'm the director. It's currently trailing by 10 to 5. I was nervous about Nishi-gu
Park Hae-min's second-tier attack scored a dedicated tie and right Moon Ji-hoon on the back course
So it can't be perfect. The players in the setter position must be very nervous
I'm not as accurate as the main players I used to play
I have no choice but to lose, but the strikers here
How you handle it is more important. Yes
Daegu is a game of prediction. Right, you have to move in advance
It's a game between players who have not played as the main players so far today, when their feet need to be fast.
I think Jeon Dabin is
But I think I'm very confident because I played two games first.
Anyway, in this situation
There needs to be someone who is the ace of both teams. So, Jeon Da-bin is playing that role well in the Jeonggwanjang right now. Jeon Da Bin is a rookie
I'm a player, but I started in the first set in the previous game.
Arthur's left side missed Choi Eun-ji's ball. Lee Jinsoo
I had a block in the front and Kim Chae Ra was next to me
When I block the ball and look back, if I can't see it anywhere, it's behind my head. Yes
Lee Jisoo missed the ball
Heungkuk Life's Choi Eun-ji's first score came out.
And Choi Eun-ji fell into the back. Choi Eun Ji's serve
I'm worried about the issue.
I raised it high. Jaheungguk Life Insurance scored twice, Kim Se-ah, a fastball, to the left, and scored like that in the first die, you feel the thrilling taste of your hands.
It was the blocking of Moon Ji-hoon and Lim Hye-rim. The ball was already in the blue tone because it was a little stuck. Yes, that's what happened.
The two players were perfect. The left test ticket is covered by the attack this time. Second, Moon Ji Hoon. This time, heresy Park Soo Hyun and Kim Daeun
It's out of the way.
Kim Da-hoon hit a lot of points inside the court right now, so the court space on the right side is a little short. It was this short. That's right. You have to aim for the back more than pushing for a longer time.
So when players hit roughly, you have to pay attention to the shorter court. Kim Daeun, yes, I'm going to solve it this time.
First of all, I'm looking forward to Kim Da Hoon because he's always a promising player and he's shown great performance in the national team. Yes
I had a shoulder injury and suffered a little from the injury, but now it's time to show. Kim Da Won is a very aggressive player. This season, he played 19 games and played 50 sets
It's A.C.E. Lee Hye-rim's serve score came out. Director Ko Hee-jin requested the operation time. Here, Lim Hyerim's
It was a short serve. The 3rd serve ace of this season
Even before now, the striker doesn't have a lot of crosses, right? Why are you missing all three or four defenses? No, I'm trying to relax. You have to catch the paint bound one after another. It's hard
I told you to understand exactly what I'm saying and get ready to play defense
Now, the players have to accurately recognize what the coach is saying during the operation time. Yes, you have to know exactly what you ordered and what the director wants.
Lee Hye-rim's serve score came out now, but you have to accept the ball that you can receive enough.
All the players who haven't played much today started. But today, we're in Daejeon
The soccer gym is full. That's right. Of course, now
I don't want to let go of Kim Yeon-koung
Fans came to Daejeon Stadium. Yes, I'm supporting the players again.
It was Choi Hyo-seo who was a little nervous at this moment. Backtoss of Korea Life to the right
It went out, right? Yes, Moon Ji-hoon continues to deal with bad balls. Yes. Blockout score is also expected
In fact, he was a setter player who received a lot of attention, but he had a lot of injuries. Yes. We need to take the opportunity. This season, Park Hae-jin appeared in 15 games and threw up 20 sets.
This time, it's out. a mistake on the serve
I don't think there's anything so complicated that the coaches of both teams ordered from the players in today. I'm sure you've talked a lot about the basics.
Park Soo-hyun strongly received Jeon Da-bin's serve and scored right Moon Ji-hoon's block
Now, Park Hae-min was keeping it exactly right. Yes, since Moon Ji-hoon's score was blocked, coach Amun Nan-ja pressed the ship to announce the operation time.
Yes, in the current situation, manager Abondaji talked to Park Heejin and Moon Jihoon
When the ball is not good, don't hit it too hard, but look at the next opportunity with consecutive paint. Yes.
First of all, Park Hae Min
I was keeping the straight line exactly. The score is 14 to 12
It's better by two points. Yes, local number
It was a good toss. On top of that, Byun Ji-soo's preparation was also good.
It was a very quick success.
Park Haejin has a good height
The position of holding the ball is high. It has advantages.
Oh, yes. He even scored a blocking point
If you do this, it's a tie. YEJI's heart is 177cm
A setter position player is about 778cm tall. That's a good height
He even blocked it. Strong
It was good in the beginning
This Jeonggwanjang's attack is being blocked. I became a defense this time
Park Tae Min Jung pushing from the left
Now, Park Hae-min gets back and Kim Se-ah again. This is the second time, Park Hae-min and Kim Dae-eun, who turned the score around 15 to 14
Now, Kim Daeun is also putting consecutive paint on the side of the middle blocker, and the fact that he sent a signature to the bench as soon as he let go means that he had some orders from the bench before that.
I gave a thumbs up while looking toward the bench. It's iced. They lead by 16 to 142 points. Heungkuk Life is definitely a bit stronger on the serve. Yes
It is the second technical timeout as Korea Life succeeded in turning the tables by two points.
When both teams win consecutive games, they show strength in serving and blocking
When the main players played, not these players
Korea Life is No. 1 in blocking and No. 2 in serve
On the contrary, in the case of Director Jeong, he is second in blocking and first in serve.
These two teams were the last match of the fourth round and the first match of the fifth round.
If you compare the GPU with that time, Director Jeong
It fell a little, and Heungkuk Life went up a little.
Hello, Heungkuk Life's last 3 years
No. 2 in the regular league after Kim Hyun-kyung's return
We've won the 2nd place once
That's right. Heungkuk Life Insurance didn't get to lift the trophy in the championship game
I'm sure you'll have a lot of regrets. Yes
And Director Jung has a dream after 13 seasons
Uh, I won first place in the regular league once in the 2011-2012 season. At that time, integration
I'm the real one who won. It's been a long time since I got a good result
That's right. When Han Yoon-hee was the director
The right taegang has changed.
Park Ji-yoon passed over to the right of Park Jong-soo, who became impatient.
It's really out of my mind.
This time, Moon Ji-hoon and Park Jin-soo did not work together
So, you have to make predictions that the strikers might not be in sync
You have to take care of it well.
This can also lead to the opponent's mistakes, and Jeong Kwan-jang's players need to be a little more calm.
Lee Ji-soo passed it, but he was out. Amon terminal reduction
I liked it with both arms raised. In today's game, the coach
Rather than ordering customers to win, I'm confident
I'm going to show you the parts that you haven't shown before
I'm going to ask you to show it boldly the most.
If your players show such a lack of confidence, the coach will be angry. Right.
Actually, for today's game, the players who are playing right now for this selection
You put a lot of effort into it. By all means.
Some players have been waiting for years. Yes, I really want you to show it without regret.
It's a mistake. Heungkuk Life Insurance is making a mistake on the serve because Moon Ji-hoon's serve was a bit strong.
And Shin Eun-ji goes in and prepares to serve.
He serves very well and is one of the players who is receiving a lot of attention in Jeonggwanjang this season. Yes, Shin Eun-ji, who had 18 serve aces this season, strongly serves this time as well. Lysia is good this time
In the scoring area, Park Hae-jin's good play is coming out in the middle. I moved Byeon Jinsoo to the right and showed him the pipe in the middle
It's not that the height is high, but it showed a very low and fast connection. I think so.
Then, he made it 1 to 1 and scored. a three-point gap
Kim Daeun's serve Jeon Da-bin received it and was blocked. The whistle blew.
It was Park Hae Min's mistake
The police chief requests that it's not a touch net. Director Ko Hee-jin requested a video review.
Director Jeong's team has requested a video review of four touches.
Director Ko Hee-jin's request for a video review of the mistake of the touch is because the mat is shaking a lot as Lee Hae-dam catches the ball. Yes
I'm done with the reading. As a result of the reading, it was confirmed as Heungkuk Life Retouch. Ah, Heungkuk Life is the opposite. That's right. Yes
Therefore, the score was taken again by Director Chung as it became not Director Chung's four-touch mistake but Heungkuk Life's four-touch mistake. That's right. The net was shaking really hard without knowing somewhere.
First of all, director Ko Hee-jin's video review was accurate. Lee Seok's serve
It's A.C.E. This is the serve of Lee Sun-woo, who came in well with a one-point gap. I completely pushed it towards the four corners of the number one seat.
Lee Sun's serve again
A little short
Choi Eun Ji's left straight line
He's clever and relaxed. He's aiming for course one
It's Choi Eun Ji who gave it to me. Yes
And Choi Hyunjin is
He's a very experienced player. 14th year
I have a lot of experience because of this.
Jung Hyunjin's strength is age
And a player who can pull it off
Both wings are available. I transferred to the FA this season.
It was a bit of a mistake.
So at this point, both teams
New players who didn't play
The players who didn't have the chance to participate
you'll be looking forward to it. Right
When that happens, I'll go in and... Baby iced
I will do that.
the basis of Park Hae-min's book
Both of them are scoring two serve points each. Park Hae-min's serve ace tied the game again with 19-19. It was a long serve.
Moon Jihoon, who ran until the end, is not good enough
Oh, it's the director.
Manager Ahmundaza encouraged the players very strongly. If you miss something you can catch, the director will be angry. The reason why you get angry is because
If left alone, the players' concentration decreases, which eventually leads to injuries. It was a rebuke mixed with these concerns. That was Park Hyemin's serve. Backtos, right, Moon Jihoon
It was Jeon Daeun on the left. Backtoss right rub-and-glue point.
Park Hae-jin is showing a lot of plays using Moon Ji-hoon today. Moon Ji-hoon is currently scoring the most points in Heungkuk Life. Yes, Moon Jihoon
I was the MVP of the 2022 Cup. That's right. It is currently showing a success rate of 8 points and 67%. It was Park Hye-bin's exact issue. Left Jeon Da-bin, but he defended himself. Useful blocking and Choi Eun-ji Coit.
Yes, a two-point difference of 21 to 19 players came in as a backup without knowing, but there will also be a battle of pride. Ah, I see. And now
Players with experience will also have a sense of responsibility that I should play the ace today. Yes, we didn't get a 2 point difference, right? That wasn't right.
The opportunity was either Heungkuk Life Insurance's three-point difference or Moon Ji-hoon's defense. He passed the 3rd stage, and Heungkuk Life Insurance A is sentenced once again
Still, Park Hae-jin is boldly using his fastball. Previously, I had good chemistry with Byun Ji-soo and now with Lim Hye-rim. That was Lim Hye-rim's score.
Kim Hye-rim went to IBK as a compensation player for Kim Soo-ji in 2023 and returned as a compensation player for Lee Ju-ah after a year.
I like Dabin before he succeeds again. There was Park Soo-hyun's defense. Choi Eun Ji and Park Hyemin's defense. Jeon Dabin
Park Soo-hyun's defensive backup is out. at a low play
The benefits were quite good, but Heungkuk Life Insurance requests a video review.
A video review by Avon Danza. After the defense, Heungkuk Life showed a very low and fast pipe attack
Please participate in the photo shoot.
I requested a video review of the blocker touchout. I was ruled out
Director Avon Danza's request for a video review of whether this hit the blocker
If I got it right, I understand
Right hand. Yes.
As a result of the reading, it was confirmed as no touch. Yes, it was recognized by Director Jeong's score. The 22 vs. 202 point difference may be a bit disappointing, but coach Avon Dada is also
The play itself was very complimentary. Yes. And Jeong Su-ji came out of the articles of association.
He serves well. We have 3 serve aces this season. Yes. It was Kim Daeun behind Jung Soojin's serve.
There was a lot of speed.
I'm making it. If you have a certain level of reception, the ball in front of you
In particular, Park Hae-jin is using b-quick longer than a. Yes.
He hit the ball from the right side a little more than Lee Ji-soo's position.
If you use b rather than a, you'll move the other blockers a little bit more
Yes, there is. Today, Moon Ji Hoon
I've been using it a lot, so I'm going to use the movement of the other middle blocker
It's a strategy to take a long time. It's a bummer. Choi Eun Ji
23 units right now
It's 21. It's 21
The reason why I get angry is. You can see the mistakes clearly.
It was laver rice up. Park Soohyun is
I got it. Push the silver wine to the right of Baek Goose
Now, we're in defense. It's over. Heungkuk Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Moon Ji Hoon, Park Hae Min
Heresy attack Lee Sun-gu dragged his mistake down.
Should the course have been a little higher? First, Lee Sunwoo needs to hit from the top. The ball was short and he's right-handed, so he's going to use the step
It's better to take a step and jump from the left. I see. Set point Heungkuk Life 24 to 21. Seo Chae-hyun is here. Seo Chae-hyun Line
Yes, it's a mistake. It's my second business trip this season, and I think I'll be a little disappointed with this sub mistake. Heungkuk Life has 10 mistakes in the first set. There are too many.
I sincerely wish these fellow players in the warm-up zone to win. Jeon Da-bin's serve was a little long at 24:22. Skill on the leg
It's Lee Ji-soo's clean score. Now it's blue. Lee Jisoo took care of it well Yes, the gap is narrowed down to 1 point
Lee Ji-soo's direct success 24 to 23 Da-bin serves well. That's right. Jeon Dabin's serve. I picked it up well this time. To the right
Lee Sung-woo and Park Ji-hoon on the right side of the undercourse received well to see if Park Ji-hoon could go to a tie. And behind Park Hae Min, Kim Chae Ra, Lee Sung Woo, pushing Da Hoon
Let's see if we can finish the set or not
I'm like this.
It was handed over, and Park Hae-min's blocked scoring variable Ji-soo finishes the set.
First of all, the 12th place match
Like him, he was in the warm-up zone today
They came in, but they showed a very fierce first set.
In Heungkuk Life, Moon Ji-hoon scored the most points
There were a lot of mistakes, but I think we need to supplement these areas. Oh, but Director Jeong is not easy. Follow this to the end. That's right. 25 to 23
Korea Life won the first set. I'll be back with the second set in a little while. I'm Choi Jihwan.
Who wins this taste? Show me the taste of the Shanghai burger. It's a Shanghai burger that's crispier with rice flour, and if it's spicy cream, it's Toowoomba sauce
Who wins this taste? McSpacy Shanghai Toowoomba Skechers' comfort is strong. I'm always ready
Sketchers hands-free sleeping bins with the power of comfort because you make me a person who continues to challenge for a long time
Dodram 2024-2025 season, sixth round of the women's league in the v-League, Jung Kwan-jang, is with KBS Bagger commentator Han Yoo-mi. Heungkuk Life won 25 to 23 in the first set. First of all, there was a slight difference in the attack success rate.
Heungkuk Life Insurance made 10 mistakes. Nevertheless, Heungkuk Life Insurance brought the first set. If you turned on TV today, why didn't Mega and Kim Yeon-koung wear a coat
I'm sure you're wondering if he's in Eo-Cheon. The regular league championship has been confirmed. And for Jeong Kwan-jang, today's game is
I'm giving more chances to other players. Now, it's time to prepare for the postseason schedule. Right. And in the case of Jeong Kwan-jang, there's the aftermath of Bukinichi and Park Eun-jin's injuries
And we're fighting for the 2nd place. We're fighting against Hyundai Engineering & Construction
It is right that director Jeong's position is that there should be no more injured players due to the aftermath of the injuries of Uh Bukrich and Park Eun-jin. And now someone has to go into the positions of Bukirich and Park Eun-jin. Yes, so today
You have to do well in a game like this so that you can continue to get a chance. In a way, it's time to compete internally. The attack success rate in the first set is
Life was higher. Director Chung is in a situation where he needs to increase the success rate of the attack. Lee Sun-woo is blocked, and the second Lee Sun-woo drops his necktie by pushing it this time. Park Suhyun and Kim Daeun on the left
I have a flat tooth. Oh, it's touch out. Yes, I got hit and left. First of all, Jeong Kwan-jang's players said they didn't get hit, but now four players have admitted it. Okay. Okay.
I got caught on Da Bin's finger. It was Choi Eun Ji's serve. Back course, right, Jeon Dabin. Yes. There will be a lot of middle blockers today. Yes
Even now, Lim Hye-rim missed the ball. The answer is blocked here and I turned around, but there's no ball. Even though Kim Daeun told me
The answer is from the right
Moon Ji-hoon on the right.
Oh, yes. I hit you very well with a sharp angle. Moon Ji-yoon scored 8 points in the first set and showed a 43% attack success rate
When Lee Sun-woo and Moon Ji-hoon go to the national team, they are competing for this outpost position. Yes, we need to show who is better today. Lee Hyerim's serve
Oh, there is.
Now, I got hit by Choi Hyo-seo and left. It's Kim Hye-rim's second serve score.
Since the serve is a little long, the players need to find the drop point better. Yes, Kim Hyerim's serve score
Lee Hyerim. Let's move a little bit and take a course
It's Byun Jin-soo's blocking score. The 2nd set of articles of association
The gap was up to three points.
And Park Hae-min came out of Jeonggwanjang
Park Sun-ok is coming in.
Park Sun-wook is also a second-year player. I graduated from Yailshin Women's Award. In the national team by age
Park Sun-ho, who was consistently active.
I scored five points this season.
Lim Hye-jin's serve continues. This time, it was Choi Yo-seok, Toss, and Park Sun-wook.
It's blocked. Undertoss Kim Daeun
Oh, you did a good job. At the end of Kim Da-won's score, he also gave the ball a lot of rotation to the outside, so he can break even after being hit by the block. Yes, yes
It was deflected off Lee Ji-soo's hand. I'm coach Ko Hee-jin of Kim Dae-eun's score. Precisely, honey
What if you don't show your moves while playing volleyball? You're practicing every day. Fighting
In fact, the main players will train a lot during the season, but these non-main players continue to train together
We do it together as partners. Right, we have a lot of training
You have to show a lot of what you did during training at a good opportunity like this.
The training is at the same level with the same intensity
What was lacking in digesting the same amount was the actual experience. That's right.
It was a short serve. I stocked it up as Park Hae-sim Lee Seok-gong. You're in charge of Choi Yoo Seok's height
Starting with Choi Eun-ji, scoring a fastball once again.
Park Hae-jin is definitely using a lot of non-kicks today. So, what kind of set
There are some places that differ from site to site, but there are some centers that can't raise their kicks well. On the contrary, there are some players who can't get a rain kick, but Park Hae-jin seems to be more comfortable with a rain kick. The beginning of the set
The gap was five points.
Now, the attempted expense went well this time. Lee Sun-jin on the right side of the articles of association
First of all, it's a situation where we have to start receiving. Right, if the reception goes well, the setter, too
The same goes for this connection. There's a play that fits all the beats very neatly. It was Kim Se-ah and Kim Sun-woo's chemistry. That was Lee Sunwoo's breath. Lee Jisoo's serve
Take it to the right. Kim Se-ah, once again, Lee Sun-woo has changed. It's now covered.
It's Park Haejin's back-to-back breathing It's too long. He raised it high
It's my first time out. It's inside the coat. Lee Sun-woo's score
First of all, Moon Ji-hoon and Lee Sun-woo, who are in charge of both teams' apocryphal positions, need to play the ace role of the team. Yes, so now director Ko Heejin
I used my time to call Kim Se-ah and Lee Sun-woo. The issue was a bit shaky.
I thought it would be FAN K, but I reached out too early. At this point, you just have to roll it up with your fist, but Kim Chan-ah, who failed to control the length.
In the case of Heungkuk Life Insurance, there are a lot of consecutive paint when you don't like the toss. I think so. I'm blocked from moving today. It's Kim Daeun's blocking score
This is the first technical timeout of 8 to 32 sets.
Rather than hitting him hard, Lee Sun-woo needs to avoid blocking and hit him or show other techniques using blocking. Yes
Two blockers were perfect right now. Lee Sun-woo is a player who has been looking forward to a lot. That's right. Lee Sun-woo and Moon Ji-hoon are both players who played their father's positions by joining each national team.
These are players with strong attack power, but I've named them Jeong Kwan-jang with broken wings. Bukirich and Park Eun-ji are injured. First of all
Kiritz got an ankle injury in the game against GS Caldes, and then he's a kite
The first game of the 6th round was against GS Caltex, and Park Eunjin
I got an ankle injury.
We don't know when we'll be back
In the meantime, some of the players who are playing right now
You have to play a good role on behalf of them
From director Jeong's point of view, it is more advantageous to confirm the second place.
Jeon Da-bin is a player who needs to play a role on behalf of Kirich. The current situation will be a huge opportunity for former player Dabin. Yes, it's Park Seonho's fault.
In fact, Kwak Sun-ok, who was in the same position last season
He got a lot of attention and I was looking forward to it
This season, Jeon Da-bin is looking for more of that opportunity. That's right.
This time, it's player Moon Ji-hoon. Heungkuk Life Insurance's aggressive parts are all good, and they blocked hard, but there are a lot of mistakes right now. Yes
There is almost twice the difference between the articles of association and the articles of association. Heungkuk Life Insurance has 11 captains.
President Jung is recording six mistakes. Originally, there are more team leaders than Chung, but that's right. We're all hitting more. Kim Daun on the left
This is a crime. Yes
The players are not aiming well for zero points in any aggressive part. Yes, my eyes are round.
You need to keep this feeling alive. You have to do it confidently and without burden. Once again, Kim Daeun is blocked this time. Player Ahn Yerim's blocking
It's a dot, but Ahn Ye-rim also has a strength in blocking because she has a good height for a setter position.
Ahn Hye-rim is 5 centimeters taller than Yeom Hye-sun, whose main setter is 1 meter 82 centimeters. That's right. So now we have five blocked points this season and six by today's game. Last one
Coach Abondaji has now ordered Park Hae-jin to move and attack a lot of Byun Ji-soo's play.
So, it was to move Byun Ji-soo to the right and prepare Moon Ji-hoon for a pipe attack in the middle. There aren't that many moving attacks from both teams today. That's right.
That was Lee Sunwoo's serve. It's Lee Soo. Lee Sun-woo said, narrowing the gap to two points.
So even if you want to play a mobile attack or something else, first of all, receiving
You have to do it. So it was a matter of receiving. That's right. Lee
You have to have a certain amount of receiving to play a variety of games.
It's the same for Lee Sun-woo and both teams, but he's serving strongly.
Once again, it was Lee Sunwoo's serve. Back course right defense is good. It was the first stage of defense.
Hey, and Park Seonho
I'm back again. Wouldn't Park Se-kyung be in sync this time? Lee YE DAM's mistake came out. What I thought and toss
It can come differently. It can come differently, but you also need to be able to cope with this. Jeon Da-bin's defense was good, but that's right. It was Lee Hae-dam. Ten to seven
Kim Daeun's serve is aimed at Jeon Dabin. There's no other purpose
Heungkuk Life Insurance Co., Ltd
this speed of a hundred
Park Hye-jin and Byun Ji-soo, who still showed off their mobile attack play. Heungkuk Life Insurance has Kim Suzy and Peach is good at mobile attacks
You have to keep taking the color. Kim Hyun-kyung is now warming up in the warm-up zone. I think it's the first time I've seen Kim Hyun-kyung relax like this while watching the game.
Kim Hyun-kyung and Kim Soo-jin are together. In the case of last season, I couldn't rest a game because I was in a close race with Hyundai Engineering & Construction until the end for the top spot in the regular league. Right.
And that eventually served as another paint in the championship game. That's right. Darby ran too much. It's diagonally
Okay, the choice was good. In the current situation, it's right to see the blocking and hit it, but it's a matter of accuracy. I was Dabin's fault. The score is 12 to 84 points
I'm a rookie this season. Byeon Ji-soo's serve is good. This is the path painting letters on the right side
Grab it and fall into the middle.
Some players habitually pass painting when setters are in an avant-garde. Yes, the opposing team blockers and defenders need to prepare a little bit for this.
Did you see the empty space in the middle of Ahn Yerim's pass painting? That's right. Lee Yedam's service. Kim Daeun and Park Haejin are kind of hard
I didn't know what to do. Choi Eun Ji. Choi Eun Ji also hasn't had many chances to step on the court in recent years
Overall, some sense of the game and these parts are not as good as they were in their heyday. Right. Heungkuk Life Insurance is rapidly showing problems in the second-stage connection. That's right.
Park Hae-jin was an attack that went back.
Oh, I'm in a hurry. This could be a connection problem. So Moon Ji Hoon's weakness is
That's what I'm saying. Yes, so there are many mistakes when you step on the rear offensive line in a hurry or when you play near a second-stage connection or net. It's class president Jung, who is catching up by one point.
Lee Hae-dam's serve mistake When continuing this atmosphere, you need to put your serve in a more stable manner.
The score is Park Hae-jin's serve by 13 to 112 points.
a point of success
This kind of set play can come out. Lee Jin-soo is actually a player who needs to go into Park Eun-jin's position and do it. Right.
Now that there are remaining games ahead, this ranking of Jeong Kwan-jang may vary depending on what kind of performance he has. Oh, my. Blocking
I'm Lee Ji-soo, who even has a mole.
Lee Ji-soo was a player who appeared a lot during the 2022 Cup. Yes, this was a little low.
Backers right success
Park Hae-jin also prefers to catch it from above and wrap it quickly. The key to this is how well the strikers are timed. Moon Xion's score
I'm going to do an under-toss. Right. Choi Hyo-seok, the left answer. Blocking Korea Life Insurance, the second answer
Moon Jihoon and
I saw Ahn Yerim
First of all, Kim Da Won is keeping a straight line even with Lee Sunwoo's attack
Moon Jihoon is still on the line when Dabin hits him
The other side blocks it. It's blocking all the straight lines. Yes, there is. Choi Yujin
I was able to hit a short serve. The gap is widening again by 16 to 133 points.
The two teams are in a fierce battle
The players need to show a lot today
That way, we can get more opportunities in the remaining games.
There was a lot of empty space in the process of Jeon Da-bin's movement. Yes
Choi Eun-ji's serve hit the mark.
There was a lot of space for the best player to cover. Right.
Because Jeon Dabin is in the middle
It moves to the right and then to the left.
That's why there were a lot of empty spaces.
Choi Hyo-seok and Choi Ho-seok also came out as starters today.
Choi Ho-sung is also the younger brother of Choi Jung-min of IBK Industrial Bank.
Oh, LEE SU is shaking again.
It's Korea Life Insurance, which can also go by point. Piseok High School became a defense this time
Lee Sun-woo's push blocking score is Lim Hye-rim. In this part, Lee Sun-woo needs to make the rebound play more stable.
In fact, hitting hard now requires a lot of young players and rookie players, but then when you have accumulated years, you demand a lot of technical skills. Yes, Lee Sunwoo
It's a mistake. It's Jeong Kwan-jang, who is rapidly losing his aggression. It's Jeonggwanjang, where many mistakes are coming out. Yes
Director Ko Hee-jin, we ask for operation time once again.
You have to move on in a meaningful way
Bosu, if you hit Das with that, you'll have to do something short for Dabin, and you won't come back. You'll have to sign something
How do you keep getting the same thing? Ji-Soo can just hold the short one in front of it. Yes, it's impossible. Yes, the first one
We have a promise to each other on receiving. I'll look at the short one, and you look at the long one. I'll look to the right, and you look to the left. There are promised plays between each other, and this is director Ko Yu-jin who points out these parts. Yes
Director Jeong's reception is a little unstable right now. That's right. As a result, the success rate of attacks is also falling rapidly. Choi Eun Ji's serve was on top of the list again. The
Lee Sunwoo's straight line
Is this a mistake? Heungkuk Life Insurance is out of the scoring. First, I request a video review. Director Ko Hee-jin asked for a block video review on whether or not to touch out
Director Jeong's team requested a video review of the blocker touchout.
It's this scene. During this attack
If you got it right, Moon Jiyoon, here
It was Lee Sun-woo's straight line. If you got it right, it's Moon Ji-yoon's ring finger. As a result of reading the right ring finger, it was confirmed as no touch. As you are, the score of Korea Life Insurance
Lee Sun-woo needs to score some points as he continues to make consecutive mistakes. Only then can your confidence be revived. Yes, the success rate of the attack was falling sharply. I'm still nervous about receiving.
It became Lee Sun-woo's second-tier offensive defense. Park Suhyun, you block to the left again
First of all, the ball was falling down from Park Hye-jin's hand. The striker can't hit this.
If you hit it, the blocker is in a more advantageous situation, and if this is Lee Ji-soo's block right now, it is Heungkuk Life that needs to be more thoroughly covered. Right. 19 to 14 Park Suhyun
Kim Se-ah scored Lee Sun-woo from the right side of Kim Se-ah as Park Soo-yeon pushed from the right side of the single backing
Now, after about three mistakes, Lee Sun-woo scored.
I'm definitely Yoo Sun-woo, who is more natural on the right side than on the left. That's right. It was a master attack. Jeon Dabin, rear position 19 to 15
Park Suhyun's speed
I'm giving a lot today. Especially, when Moon Jihoon is preparing for a whitewash on the right side, he's going to use this bequick a lot
Park Haejin is a player who uses it a lot.
Lee Jinsoo, if Park Haejin keeps using non-kicks today, then
You have to block one more step from the right side. That was Lee Hye-rim's score.
I'm using Big Pick more than A-Pick today. Lee Hyerim is the back
Choi Yong-seok's speed is good.
If it's a relief like this, it's better to use the set play. That's right. And in this case, Lee Ji-soo also flew from the right and hit the A flag.
He moved a little more to the left and hit me than the position where the player Byeon Ji-soo was standing. Completely avoided opponent's blocking. 20 to 164 points
It's Shin Eun Ji. Shin Eun-ji's serve was sharp. Direct key success.
When I'm a player with good serve
Blockers in the avant-garde need to be thoroughly prepared for directions. Yes
Lee Hae Dam and Lee Sun
I said I'd take care of it, so we bumped into each other
This also requires a call sign.
Kim Dawon got it. Course 1, right side, Kim Eun Ji Hoon
Once again, Lee Sangwoo on the right
I'm running, but it's hard to run. It's hard. Yes, you have to be careful of your injuries.
Lee Sun-woo scored. Lee Sun-woo's success rate needs to go up a little more. Lee Sunwoo is
It shows a success rate of about 33 percentage points. Director Avon Danja requested a blackout time.
It's a 2-point gap
I asked for an operation time. He's pointing out the solution to some strikers one by one.
In this case, Rivero is outside the court now. Jung Kwan-jang's shoes are in. Yes, then when it's hard to hit, I was saying to push there now. That was Shin Eun Ji's sub. The risk was good.
I pushed it long to the right, but it became a defense. It's Lee Sunwoo's spirit.
Hit the antenna. So you have to reduce these mistakes. Lee Sunwoo and Moon Jihoon are similar to each other
It's great to have strong attack power, but you need another technique
We need to reduce those mistakes that come out in a hurry.
Now, Lee Chae-hoon is in.
Lee Chaemin is the first player of this season
This is my first business trip. Yes, this player is Seo Chae-hyun and this player is Lee Chae-min. He's a rookie and he went to a high school for men
I graduated. I'm an outside heater position player, but it overlapped right now. Your line is Park Sunwoo
PARK SI HYUN, you go to the left
Kim Daeun's blocking score. Yes
Now, Lee Sun-woo's blocking score came out. First of all, I made the crisis a score. Yes, Kim Daeun is blocked. Lee Sunwoo's blocking
Lee Chae-min of Heungkuk Life Insurance was a 9-year-old data player in high school. Yes
I need to give Lee Sunwoo's serve to the right
He's giving it to Daeun. In fact, sectors also need to give a lot of credit to new players. And in case of Seo Chaehyun, he's a teammate of Lee Chaemin
You came in. So you have to do well together to get a chance. It sounds good. Undertoss Park Sun-wook by 3 points after 20 points.
Yes, Touch Beast posted it. Touch Four Mistakes This is a four-touch mistake by player Lee Hae-soo.
I can see you're too nervous.
Is it because the center of this touch is a little shaky in Daegu? Oh, because I'm trying to put it in deep like this, there are times when my hand touches the net. Your condition right now
It comes out. I pointed it out, but it's bound to come out
A positive fault has occurred. Rather, the serve in the articles of association
It's wrong. Oh, it could be like this if you say it in the sub-rotation of the sub-sunde. Yes, player Lee Hae-dang
If you're in a wrong position
There are cases like this, too
I think Lee Hae-dam's position is wrong. It's a bagger tek crime.
He's out. He's a police chief who keeps making mistakes. Chef's point. Korea Life Insurance
Now that the players keep changing, I think we should focus on it. the sub of the variable index
Choi Hyoseo got it well and the answer from the left was
I'm Dabin, who used the elasticity of receiving and coming in. Jeon Da-bin was empty. The power of this attack
That's pretty good. The form is very neat, too. Yes, I'm a rookie. Choi Eun-ji's block to see if she can finish this season with Dabin's set points
Heungkuk Life Pink Spiders, out 25 to 21 to win the second set. First of all, in the second set, there were a lot of mistakes by Jeong Kwan-jang. Can't find a solution in some aggressive areas. Yes
Oh, he followed well until the middle, but he gave up this set as the attack success rate fell sharply. Heungkuk Life is leading with a set score of 2-0. It's Daejeon.
Skechers
Relaxation is powerful. I'm always ready
Sketchers hands-free sleeping bins with the power of comfort because you make me a person who continues to challenge for a long time
Change the next schedule to 12 o'clock tomorrow and text Jin.
Who wins this taste? Show me the Shanghai burger taste. It's a Shanghai burger that's crisper with rice flour and spicy cream, even Toowoomba sauce
Who wins this taste? Max Paci Shanghai Toowoomba
Heavy morning uncomfortable day constipation tonight with Makey's herbal ingredients gently with Western medicine ingredients quickly pleasant refreshing exhilarating constipation
Meikin
From the jaw that couldn't climb to the place where Roborak couldn't conquer, the transformation goes beyond robot vacuums with a new cleaning area. Roborak
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture.
The real furniture that you can tell by touching it. Real furniture by people who know something
Hypers
You have a lot of worries when choosing Omega 3, right? Why is plant-based Omega 3 the trend? Plant-based omega-3s are free from marine pollution and heavy metals. What about the absorption rate? Koryo Onda has high bioavailability as well as body absorption.
Since it's Goryeo Ondan, you can trust the ingredients Sure. Good raw materials are filled with the highest elevation omega 3 of basic dsm4. So, the most popular answer is plant-based
I've decided what to eat in Korea Ondan Vegetable Altage Omega 3. We worked together. It's American premium pizza Papa John's. I ate a whole bowl of authentic food.
Dad, let's eat jeon together. Who wins this taste? Show me the Shanghai burger taste.
It's a Shanghai burger that's crispier with rice flour and spicy cream noodle Toowoomba sauce
Who wins this taste? Max Paci Shanghai Toowoomba
Sketchers comfort is powerful. Sketchers hands-free sleeping bins with the power of comfort because they make me who is always ready and continues to challenge myself for a long time
Dodram 2024 2025 Season V-League Women's 6th Round Jeonggwan Jangdae Heungkuk Life Insurance
The three-set match will begin now. We are with Han Yu-mi, a commentator.
Players who have not played as main players are playing as main players. When it was a non-mainstream event for everyone
You know, that's right. To be honest, I wasn't the main player from the beginning
Right, but I think
It could be an opportunity for someone who's ready
If you're not ready, this is a crisis
It's possible. But it might be a bit embarrassing
Let's see who had the chance and how well they trained
I think it's a place where I can show you.
Since the announcement of Kim Yeon-kyung's retirement, Chungmu Gymnasium has been selling out
It's the same today. That's right. Heungkuk Life has sold out in all the games, but standing in front of so many people
The players need to show good performance
Of course, a lot of fans
You came to cheer for Kim Yeon-kyung or Jeong Kwan-jang's main players
We're going to find another new star
It's a place where you can do it. By all means.
I have to make these fans my fans.
Now, the third set match will begin. We are preparing with Kim Chae-na's serve. I saw Kim Hyun-kyung. The third set started with Kim Chae-na's serve. In the last set
the home team's articles of association. As soon as we started
YOON JI WON scored in a straight line
First of all, Park Hae Jin is better than the first set
My toastie got a lot better. Height
Saturn, which catches and shoots quickly, has improved accuracy.
The RBI was properly caught this time. That's right. Kim Jihoon
Moon Jihoon is currently 13th
He's scoring. Yes
Open to the left
Yes, I fail to defend.
Moon Ji-yoon and Lee Sun-woo of both teams are in the same position and scoring the most points in the team, and Lee Sun-woo is in the second set
He scored seven points but was negative in terms of attack efficiency. Right.
Rather than scoring, there were a few more mistakes now. It's a story that he was blocked by the other blocker
This time, I pressed it with 20 cleanly, but it doesn't stretch much more.
First of all, I think it's the same for both players. You have to handle the bad ball well. Yes, Moon Jihoon is 20
At the time of MVP in the 22nd Cup, he was now a member of GS, but the attack success rate exceeded 70% in the final. That's right. Jeon Dabin's serve came in well again this time. On the right, Eun Ji Hoon.
Yes, if this works well with Park Hae-jin, Moon Ji-hoon is also having a very good attack. I gave him a thumbs up now. Who did you thumbs up to? Park Hae Jin or Moon Ji Hoon
I think it's both. Moon Ji-yoon's serve Choi Hyo-seok was difficult to toss as he moved, and it was Park Hae-min who is making it a goal.
Park Hae-min also returned to the fourth round due to an injury this season. Right, he has basic skills
I'm Jeong Kwan-jang, who has a lot of expectations in the outsider data position. Director Jung is leading by a score of three to two
Mitch is anxious. Yoon Ji-hoon and Park Soo-hyun were blocked by Lee Sun-woo's block on the right side of the back course from Dabin before the long process and scored 7 points with the left open post.
Wasn't it too visible this time?
That's right. It was Kim Cheolhwan who had no choice
Here, Park Hae-min is also carrying a little bit of the ball.
Park Hae-jin pressed it with a blue king.
Park Hae-jin's blocking score. Kim Dae-eun's persecution of serve
That was my goal. Lee Sungwoo on the right
Lee Sung-hyun also caught an RBI and played well in that course because the 5th course was completely empty. Yes. Park Soo-hyun was also joining the defense in the forward, so seat number 5 was empty.
He handed it over carefully and even before the straight line Park Hae-min's 5-32 point difference. When Park Hae-min hits the ball right now, Park Hae-jin leaves the straight line a little empty. Yes.
So here, Park Hae-min is aiming for that space. The space between Park Hae-jin and the antenna was just empty, so I put it in that spot. Lee Sunwoo's serve continues. Park Suhyun
It's a backdose right-hand moving attack fault. All right.
I'm trying to claim touch out
The referee's decision that he was hit by the blocker's hand was correct. It was the score of Jaheungguk Life. It was a moving attack score by a blocker touchout score variable.
Keeping up with one point, the 5-4 mega is now watching the game in the warm-up zone. The main players of both teams are missing today. a local sub
I had a hard time coming out. That's why the connection is so urgent. both sides. Yes, of course
There's a difference between training and the actual game
But to some extent, players have to control their distance and things like this. That's right. Yes
Actually, the best training is
There is also talk of losing points, that's right.
That's how much we're going to talk about our sense of reality
It's a little lacking. There are balls that you shouldn't hit hard on the right side, because you hit too much on the right side. Yes Yes Yes Yes You don't have to overdo it.
So-called soothing. Yes, yes
It was Eun Ji Hoon's fault, 6 to 5 by 1 point.
Park Hae-min's serve was successful. I think he used an aik, not a kick this time.
Yes, that's right. Yes, I'm using a variety of fastball plays today. It was Park Hae-jin and Lee Hye-rim's ace chemistry. a six-to-six tie
It's the beginning of the third set.
Kim Se-ah's high open Kim Da-won touched her hand and yes, it's hard. Yes, you don't have to overdo it.
First of all, the bench quickly avoided it, but as the two players came, Park Se-hyun looked at Choi Eun-ji once. Then, I was late. Right.
It was Lee Yedam who was disappointed. So, Jeong Kwan-jang had nine mistakes in the second set. It's the articles of association that need to be reduced. Yes, the errors of the articles of association have increased compared to the first set. In the second set
Choi Eun-ji's sub. Missy-gu was good this time. It's a straight line, but it's a mistake. It went outside.
It's a little delayed. I thought the reception was correct this time, but I'm asking for a video review.
Director Jeong's team has requested a video review of the in-out.
Video Read Request In-Out
Let's.
Yes, yes
When you're most pressed, you can see the inside of the boundary line, so the left side, so yes, it's like this. Yes, it's "in" if you say so. That's right
If you can't see it, it's 1.
Yes, if this happens, Jeong Kwan-young's score is recognized. It's a local rule of 8 to 7 kobo, so the v-League in Korea. That's right.
When the maximum pressure is applied, the boundary line further inside must not be seen to be recognized as In. In a video review
The score is 8 to 71 points, and there is a tight race. Lee Sun-ho scored 13 points today, Moon Ji-hoon of Korean Life scored 14 points before Da-bin and Byun Ji-soo scored 7 points, respectively, Park Hae-min and Lee Hye-rin scored 6 points and 7 points, respectively
It's a tight scoring structure.
First of all, the players
The position where you score
I think it's a little different. Yes, in the case of Director Jung, after Lee Sun-woo, both Jeon Da-bin and Park Hae-min's wings
This is how the triangle formation is formed. In the case of Heungkuk Life
After Moon Jihoon, there are Byeon Jisoo and Lim Hyerim
Byun Ji-soo and Lee Hye-rim are middle blockers. Yes
That's how fast Heungkuk Life is using today. He's receiving better than Jeong
There is. That's right. And there's also the style of the setter
In the case of Park Hae-jin, it is good to use a middle blocker today. Yes
It's Park Haejin. Park Hae Jin scored 2 points today
I'm recording it as blocking.
This time, the right side of the backfinger
This was Moon Jiyoon. Lee Sang-ho scored the goal.
Lee Hye-rim and Lee Hye-rim followed and put them on well, and if you look at Heungkuk Life's blockers now, there's not much space between them. Yes, middle blockers too
He is blocking closely, and now it is recorded as Kim Daeun's blocking score. It wasn't his name, it was Kim Daeun. The score is 8 to 8
I pushed Kim Hye-rim's serve. Heungkuk Life Insurance, which went in after hitting the net and is defending right Jeon Da-bin, was pushed out of the right open attack. It's out.
Eun Ji-won's right-handed person has to step very well when he hits the ball from the right. Yeah. There's a ball that I can hit diagonally and a ball that I can't hit, and depending on that, the last step
The direction controls it. You have to step well. The score is 9 to 81 points ahead, Jeong Kwan-ja, non-conspirator Byeon Jin-soo. Yes
I'm intentionally using a lot of middle blockers today. This time, Choi Eun-ji's reception was very accurate. It was a non-kick even now. Yes, I'll make up my mind
Big Kick Success Using Jeon Ji-soo 9 to 9 Moon Ji-yoon's serve went in well. It was 20% shaken a lot. Director Chung's opportunity is Heungkuk Life once again. Park Soo Hyun and Park Hae Jin
Pushing Dahun to the left. Yes, even now, Kim Chae-hwan was preparing for consecutive hits, but Kim Da-hoon poked it toward No. 8 for a little longer and scored.
Kim Da-hoon had a very good vision.
Kim Da-eun scored 8 points and 9 points today. Lee Sun-woo on the right is ready, right? We're running, and we're running, but we're going to eight seats.
Choi Hyun-ji touched it. In Jeonggwanjang right now, more scorers need to come out after Lee Sun-woo.
Yes, Lee Sun-woo's attack success rate is close to 35%. That's right. We need to pull it up a little bit more.
The right-hand movement attack is back. Heungkuk Life Insurance Park Haejin Kim Da Hoon, your convex shot
Yes, like this, you have to use your wrist to aim for a blocking touch-out.
In fact, the strikers used their wrists at the end
You know, you're setting the direction. Yeah
So when we say that we use our wrists well
It's applied to this area a lot now. Right. It's very much like this. Kim Daeun's serve mistake
in a tight way
Both teams' scores are changing as if they are walking on thin ice. These players haven't played all the full sets like this before. That's right. Lee Sunwoo's serve from the beginning
Park Suhyun is shaking. And
It's long. Choi Hyoseok, Kim Chae Na, or Park Hae Min on the left
There are three blocks, but they fell through the blockers. Yes, this is a 3:1 lead.
He gave me a good RBI. That was Park Hae-min's score. Director Subunza requests operation time.
Oh, it was the egg director's operation time. They're asking how Lee Sunwoo's serve style is. Yes
Now it's Park Hae-min's attack process, and the RBI was alive. Coach Abondaji caught the sub-rhythm of Lee Sun and Lee Sun-woo through the operation time, but this time it became an issue and a mobile attack
Kim Se-ra, Si Seok-kwon, Park Hae-min's back
The RBI is a bit alive right now. Yes, rather than hitting any deep diagonal or sharp straight line, I'm catching the RBI and hitting it long toward the end line. Yes, it was an attack using RBI. Park Hae Min
The score is 13 to 11 Lee Sun-woo's serve. This time, we're going to defend ourselves in the dining kill. Choi Eun-ji scored consecutive hits
Heungkuk Life Insurance, who defended well first, and Choi Eun-ji also showed a technique of returning to the first course because the ball was a little short now. Yes
It was Cha Eun-ji's back-to-back score for the No. 1 spot. Choi Eun-ji's defense, pushing Park Hae-min by a point again
And Choi Eun-ji's four teams, and now Kim Chan-hwan is trying to pass it over, and he made a mistake. Yes
You have to hand it over to the other court. Yes, yes, yes. We handed it over to our court. Again, 13 to 13 serve
Park Hae-min 8,000 Still, Park Hae-min's attack is reviving in the third set.
This is Jeong Kwan-jang, who Park Hae-min showed a very noticeable performance in the middle of the third set. Jeong Kwan-jang
Way to go! Back to the right, Moon Ji Hoon, left, Jeon Dabin
This didn't lob at the kyohoe. Jeon Da-bin's Score In Jeonggwanjang, the left wing is recovering little by little. Park Hye-min also survived, and Jeon Da-bin's offensive score came out now.
Lee Hyerim hit his hand and splashed to the side. Park Hae Min's serve by 15 to 132 points. Choi Eun Ji
Direct Kick. This time, it was Izas Peking.
Leader Pass Painting Success Seo Chae-hyun is also playing in the second game this season. Today, we're receiving opportunities for every set
Seo Chae-hyun is also the younger sister of Pepper Savings Bank. Yes
He came in. He's the ace of serve. Seo Changhoon moved to GS Yes, that's right It's in the cell
Now, 15 to 15 again, the equalizer Seo Chae-hyun came in perfectly from there. The first serve score came out. The reception is shaky. I'm Da Bin, Park Soo Hyun. Yes.
Park Suhyun threw his body away
It didn't fit. So, right now, Lee Hyerim is on the blue king side of Jeonhee's side
That's what I was saying. And my defense was getting broader. Yes. Park Hae-min and Jeon Da-bin are recovering little by little in Jeonggwanjang.
It's the latest v-League women's game in which the procession continues.
The variables are outside the court
I'm rooting for you, but yes
Those players now have an instinctive desire to play on the court like this. By all means.
Heungkuk Life is currently blocking
Ten, six for Jeong
Heungkuk Life is overwhelming when it comes to submission. That's right. Heungkuk Life Insurance scored eight stonemasons. If you look at the numbers that came out right now
In other words, Korean life's receiving is good. That's right.
Yes, it was a bold attack by Da Bin. Jeon Da-bin has a 9 point success rate of 69% against GS on Feb. 22
Then, on February 26, just before the game, he scored nine points in the game against Gs, but the probability of aggression decreased a little then. That's right. It's 33%. Choi Eun Ji
Before hitting consecutively on the left, Da-bin Park Soo-hyun and Choi Eun-ji, glass blocking Lee Sun-woo came in straight from behind. Point. Four, two points apart
As Jeong Kwan-jang's attacks began to revive little by little, this Daejeon gym became a little noisy. That's right. That was Lee Sun-woo's score.
The score was 17 to 152 points. Moon Jihoon on the right
Blocka Tachie Out Seo Chae-hyun hasn't received many opportunities, but yes, looking at it now, toast is okay. Before this match, Seo Chae-hyun appeared in just one game and one set for a while. That's what I'm saying
It's just that I didn't get many opportunities, but it's a possibility. Yes, I'm Heungkuk Life's Sepper. Seo Chae-hyun, Choi Woo-seok, Lee Su-soo, was shaken. Search out Jeong
Jeon Da-bin is also continuing to aim for a straight course.
Yes, it hits Moon Ji-hoon's right hand and goes in, but he pierced it well even though he already hit it next to the antenna. It was a scene that showed the aggressive talent of Jeon Da-bin. That's right.
Now, Moon Ji Hoon
First, he passed it over and Lee Sun-woo was defended from the left side of the articles of association. And behind Kim Daeun, Lee Sunwoo is defending
Seungmin's right blocking score is Lee Sungwoo. Now, Lee Sun-woo is well aware of the habits of Lee Moon Ji-hoon. Yes, in a one-on-one situation, I swept it inward momentarily.
Yes, Lee Sun-woo's blocking score continued to be two points apart by one point, and now it is three points apart, so coach Aminganja asks for an operation time.
Director Avonanza
He pointed it out slowly and specifically. You can't hurry now.
You need to increase your concentration a little more. Kim Chae-ra's serve
I'm stuck in the first air. a four-point gap
Now, Jisoo's blocking score. Yes
So, because Seo Chae-hyun showed so much in advance that he would raise the kick, Lee Jin-soo participated in blocking at the exact timing. This is what was read. I came in properly because it's going to be damaged. The score was up to four points. Again
Choi Ji-in came in. On the right, Choi Yooseok. Undertoss
Blocking Score Kim Daeun's blocking score. Jeon Daeun left it to Kim Daeun. These days, there are so many players with similar names. There are 2 Lee Jooha and Kim Daeun
In the case of today, Park Hye-min and Park Hye-jin have a similar name. I think so. I got more confused because you said that.
I didn't know, but I'm Jeon Daeun. I'm a Dabin player. I'm a Dabin player. Yes, and Heungkuk Life has Kim Dasol.
20 to 17
It was connected from the center of the right-handed seat behind Kim Ta-sun's serve. You have to move on. I've moved on. I'm Dabin, Kim Chae Na, left, Lee Sunwoo, straight
The limit is
It's Jeong Kwan-jung's score. Yes, Lee Chae-min said he didn't get hit. Director Abu Nanja asked for a video review of the operation time. Yes
Video Read Request A video read for four touches was requested on any day.
Video read request to Touchnet.
Then, let's talk about three players who made a mistake in the touch rap
Yes, since the touch mistake came out, the referee raised his hand to Director Jeong with your touch mistake and didn't do it. Now we've asked for a video review that we didn't.
Korea Life Insurance Co., Ltd
It was a readout request about whether the player made a touch lap bust or not. Yes
The screen is frozen for a moment. Jisoo Byun said no more
On the way down, four Byeon Jisoo and Lee Chaemin read the results
Yes, it was confirmed by touch. It's confirmed that it's a touch versus a mistake. Yes, the original judgment was valid. I think it's Byun Ji-soo's elbow. YEON JI SU and LEE CHAERYEONG
I touched the net a little on the way down, and I think I'm talking about that part.
Now, it's a 4-point difference. 21 to 17
The error of the variable index touch was confirmed as a result of the video review. Daeun's serve before the 4 points difference of 21 to 17
I'm Dabin. I'm Dabin. Did Lee Sung Hoon go out? It's a sword room.
It's a judgment that it's out of the way. If so, the articles of association request a video review.
I'll wait a moment for the results. The normal team of director Ko Hee-jin's operation time requested a video review of the blocker touchout.
Video read request for block out.
If you got it right, Byeon Jisoo's third finger
It was determined that he was hit by a point local in the articles of association. Now, Lee Sunwoo is scoring 17 points now. Yes
It has 17 points and a 35% success rate. 22 to 175 points
I played a strong serve
Here's the second one. Lee Sun-woo's defense is good. That was Park So-hyun's defense. Kim Daeun
Oh, it falls while holding this. I'm trying to make a strong hole. Yes, Kim Daeun penetrates this. That was Park Ji-hyun's defense.
It was Kim Daeun's ball per hour 22 dash 8 example and it was Park Hae-min.
With Yoon Jihoon's quick serve
I'm in defense. Once again, Kim Da-woon put Choi Woo-sung well this time, blocked, and somehow became a caba. getting up
Baek Gu-su's right side came down to the ventricle. The RBI is
Eun Ji-won's attempt at a back attack failed
But when Park Hae-jin comes in, he's giving a lot of balls to Moon Ji-hoon. Yes
Moon Ji-hoon did a very good job until the second set. Of course, the success rate is falling little by little.
It was a right rear attack error.
Moon Jihoon 23 to 185 points
That was Jeong Suji's serve.
right
I did it once, and yes, I swept it.
The players' concentration went up more in the third set. Yes
Jung Suji's serve briefly
Ace
Jeong Kwan-jang's counterattack in the third set succeeded, making a sand score of 2 to 1. In the third set of English Life, some success rate of the attack was a little low, and on the contrary, the attack by the chief of the articles of association was revived
My concentration has gone up. It was Director Jeong who succeeded in counterattack with a score of 2 to 1. We are with commentator Han Yu-mi at Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon. It's Daejeon.
Heavy morning uncomfortable day constipation tonight with Makin herbal ingredients soft with Western medicine ingredients quick pleasant refreshing exhilarating constipation
Making Sketchers comfort is powerful. I'm always ready
Sketchers hands-free sleeping bins with the power of comfort because you make me a person who continues to challenge for a long time
That
Dodram 2024 2025 Season V-League Women's 6th Round Jeonggwanjang Red Sparks University
The match between Heungkuk Life Pink Spiders
The third set was a 25-18 victory for Jeong Kwan-jang.
The home coach is home
The crowd is now starting to heat up. That's right. In the third set, Jeong Kwan-jang's attack success rate was 4
It's up to 14.4%. Yes, Lee Sun-woo scored 6 points and Jeon Da-bin and Park Hae-min scored 5 points each. Yes
In case of Heungkuk Life Insurance, the 3rd generation
At that time, Moon Ji-hoon's 3 points dropped slightly to a 27% success rate.
Kim Da Hoon scored 5 points
The points that used to use a lot of middle blocker lines have significantly decreased.
Now, let's start the 4th set game.
Let's win 3 sets and 4 sets
This is Red Sparks, the home team's director.
There is no significant change in the lineup, and in the case of Heungkuk Life Insurance, Seo Chae-hyun came in first in the fourth set of starting setters. Right.
Seo Chae-hyun is a starter in the fourth set of Heungkuk Life Pink Spiders. Before this match, he only played in one game, and Seo Chae-hyun, who only played in one set
Now, I'll play as a starter in the fourth set. Let's start with Choi Eun-ji. Choi Eun Ji's serve in Korea Life Insurance
From the center to the left, empty
First of all, from Heungkuk Life Insurance's point of view, both wings need to be revived.
Yes, Kim Da-eun scored five points in the third set, but it is important not only for Kim Da-hoon, but also for Choi Hyun-ji and Moon Ji-hoon. That was Kim Daeun's score. Lee Sunwoo
Four blocks, Kacha Lee Sun-woo continues to aim at Moon Ji-hoon, but Moon Ji-hoon blocks and shakes little by little. Today, Moon Ji Hoon and Lee Sun Woo
It's a scoring match. Yes, Lee Sun-woo is currently 17 points, Moon Ji-hoon 15 points, and Kim Soo-ji and Kim Yeon-kyung are watching the game at Warm Upton.
Play left Kim Daun and Park Tae Min in the center
It's blocked and it's covered with attack.
Choi Yoo-seok under-toss Park Hye-min scores
These players are 4 years old
I haven't done it in full until now
It's just that physical strength and game physical strength are different. Yes, you have to concentrate and have different nerves
There are a lot of things, so it could lead to a decrease in physical strength
That's how much concentration goes down If the rhythm is broken, it could collapse. That's right. Background
And I hit it hard once, but it's effective
Scoring in the center
Create a point. I think the atmosphere of Lee Ji-soo has changed a little. Bringing three sets, Jeong Kwan-jang players can bring a game today
I think I have a hope. The third set was very important. He made a set score of 2 to 1 by catching 3 sets from class president Jung.
Let me introduce Dabin's serve.
Jeonnam hits the serve hard. Park Soo-hyun received it well and Kim Da-woon is fast forward. Yes, little by little
Kim Da-hoon is also recovering. I hit the straight line accurately. Both teams are showing a lot of monotonous plays right now. Yes
I use wings on both sides a lot. It was Kim Hye Rim's serve. in a swift attack
Choi Eun Ji's defense. Kim Daeun
Yes, I'm moving on. I'm moving on. Heungkuk Life Insurance's second, Kim Dan, this time, and the back 3rd stage is processed again by pushing
This time, it became a right-handed back-to-back defense. And Lee Sunwoo. With consecutive strokes
Even though Moon Ji-hoon's scoring difficulty with the back end, Moon Ji-hoon now overcame it with his strength.
It's Moon Ji-hoon who pushed hard.
This season, Moon Jihoon
Kim Mi-hyun and Kim Mi-hyun have been traded. Right, we changed our uniforms in the middle of the season
Since then, I've been playing Apogit as a main character
I saw a lot of opportunities to play, but recently, I didn't get many opportunities to throw. Yes
Coach Agon Danja, who had an eye on his performance in the 2020 Cup, recruited him
Let's go. Let's get out of here. Do I have to go?
Jeong Kwan-jang's players are saying that they hit the blocker's hand. This is director Ko Hee-jin who requested a video review of whether or not the blocker is touch-out.
Director Jeong's team requested a video review of the blocker touchout.
Park Hae Min's attack
If it had been right, it would have been Moon Ji-hoon, Byun Ji-soo, but it was confirmed as no-touch after reading it. Yes, I decided it wasn't right.
If this happens, Park Hae-min's attack is a mistake. Heungkuk Life's score was recognized as it was. Four to three
Lee Hyerim,
Kim Hye-rim's serve is long. Yes, so after this is hard to score with video review, you need to be more careful on the sub.
Maybe it's a rhythm that's taken off. Director Ko Yi-seung asked for the video review
The score is 4 to 4
It's the same here. Yes, the serve mistakes intersected. Coach Ko Hee-jin's one-point difference continues in the second half of the fourth set. Moon Jihoon's turn to serve
Kim Jiyoon's serve
Let's.
Heungkuk Life Insurance's left side, Kim Daeun, scored Suvei. In the end, Jeonggwanjang's receiving anxiety
It was connected to the dot. That's right. There is also a difference in attack success rate between a set when receiving well and a set when receiving not. Jeon Da-bin couldn't hold his breath while receiving.
Yoon Ji-hoon's serve. This time, Park Hae-min's right Lee Sun-woo is pierced.
Lee Sun-woo is also a player who doesn't lose weight when it comes to strength. Yes.
He keeps hitting hard. Lee Sun-woo, who received the Rookie of the Year award on 2020 season, played 27 games before the game and scored 50 sets 3.
Lee Seong's serve is increasing in the beginning of the fourth set. So if it's four sets, the players' concentration is the least. At the same time, there are a lot of mistakes.
The 5th set is the last set, so I can concentrate better. That's right. I served well. Park Hyemin. Like this
It's Choi Eun Ji,
Kim Seah, in the center
I raised it high three steps long. Starting with Park Suhyun. Pass painting
Now, Seo Chaehyun
Park Hye-min was already reading the best painting. Yes, right now, it's okay for Seo Chae-hyun to just take the play with a jump toss. Yes
It was Seo Chae-hyun, who joined as the third-ranked player in the second round last season after graduating from Shownu Girls' High School. Dabin before I push him
It's a defense, and Choi Eun Ji decided to defend
I can't give you any more. Your two players are on the same page
Yes, I'm in charge of it. Noxious blocking Choi Eun Ji's true touch out. Oh, it's touch out. Both teams are making too many mistakes right now.
Choi Eun Ji's attack was successful, but the toss mistakes of the setter position in this connection
In addition, there are a lot of other players' connection mistakes, and I know they're a little less focused, but still, the players are professional players. You have to show responsibility. It was Choi Eun-ji's touchout score.
Let's compare Moon Ji-yoon and Lee Sun-woo. Both players get 2 points for blocking
In the open attack, Lee Sun-woo has three more points. There's one more sub-Ace player, Lee Sun-woo.
Moon Jihoon scored 16 points today,
Lee Sun-woo is scoring 19 points. Yes
Moon Ji-hoon scored 16 points, Lee Sun-woo scored 19 points, and Lee Sun-woo is now scoring the most points in both teams. Kim Daeun's rate is actually similar. Yes
Director Chung said, "Three players have a double-digit score score of 8 to 6, with Heungkuk Life leading by 2 points.
In the fourth set, Kim Da-won is scoring three points. In Jeonggwanjang, Park Hae-min and Lee Sun-woo are scoring two points each.
I'll start with Byun Ji-soo's sub. Byun Ji-soo serves well. It was a serve that was pushed to the back. Darby is good at it
I got an RBI single. As coach Ko Hee-jin, who is applauding Da-bin, the straight course was a little empty.
That's why I won the game strongly. Yes, Heungkuk Life's block conditions are blocking too much straight lines. Jeon Da-bin aimed for this and hit it diagonally well.
The situation that Choi Eun-ji carried a little bit of the fastball rang now
There are also some limitations to the striker's handling. But now
For toss, it was a very difficult ball to handle
In fact, strikers fall a lot and land This is actually no different from the setter's toss fault.
It was a situation that didn't go over. You have requested a reading.
Now, I'm getting a little bit of time after requesting a video review of the point mistakes.
And in this case, Choi Eun Ji's ball hit Bloco's hand
Heungkuk Life is about talking. Yes
Then it's a replay. If it hit the blocker line
It's here, but it hits the net, and it hits the block and the hand
If it's gone or not, the point is right.
If you moved on, replay
As a result of the reading, it has been identified as a point. Yes, yes. It's a point mistake. It didn't fit the Block.
Then, it was not replicated and was recognized as Chung's score.
It was Choi Eun-ji's point Bum-sik.
Lee Hae-dam's sub reception is shaking. Park Soo-hyun
Scary ball in the center of Seo Chaewon
There was Jeon Da-min's defense to push this time, which was built again. Back Attack Lee Sung Hoon
So when there is a ball on our side, we have to pay as much attention as possible to reduce the mistakes. If we don't score, the opponent takes that opportunity.
It was Jeong Kwan-jang who connected the score with a good play. Jeong Kwan-jang Lee Seong's score 9 to 8
It's Lee Hae Ram's sub
It was a long time. Both teams are too focused. That's why there are mistakes that you don't have to do.
Seo Chae-hyun is getting ready to serve. Jeon Da-bin and Seo Chae-hyun's serve, with four serve mistakes crossing each other
So what I want to say to these players is that opportunities don't come often. Yes, and you can get a chance in a practice game or a Cobo Cup, but it's really hard to get a chance in this regular season. I'll have to change it.
Seo Chae-hyun is already defending to the right of Tus. You have to do it first. Lee Sungwoo, but I'm mid-relly. Yes
The request for a video review of the defensive success was accepted because the last referee applied before the whistle. This season's newly introduced Heungkuk Life Insurance team is about the failure of Midrelli's defense
You have requested a video review.
director Jeong's
I asked for a video review of whether the defense was successful or not. This pancake defense
Yes, it's this scene. I think I need to watch it. If it didn't fit the coat
If you got a little hit, it's a failure. Yes, so if you look at it from a different angle, you can see the other side. Yes, let's watch this scene here.
During Park Hye-min's defense, this is what happened.
The referee, the referee, and the assistant referee
I'm reading it. In more detail here, head coach Subndaghan confirmed the defensive success as a result of this reading. Yes, if it was confirmed as a successful defense
It's Director Jeong's score.
The score is 11 to 92 points.
First of all, Park Hye-min's good defense made another score. Right.
at 500%
Backers right Moon Ji-hoon and Lee Sun-woo defense... Oh, yes. Park Soo-hyun threw himself and touched it
The connection failed. I'm sure that Heungkuk Life's players are
The overall movement has slowed down a little since the third set. I think so.
The defensive players and strikers fell a little bit.
Park Hae-jin is back. The score is 1 and the difference is 3 points
The completion was done well. a white tiger
Lee Sun-woo's defense is on the right side of Korea Life Insurance Choi Eun-ji's straight line
It's a mistake. Jeon said, "I got hit by Bloco," but I'm Coach Gois who is asking for a video review. Jeon Da Min's attack
There was a request. I don't know if I got hit or not
It's a drawing card. Oh, I see. Lim Hye-rim raised her hand. I acknowledged it. Yes, Jeon Da Bin's attack score
The green card came out that he hit Lee Hye-rim's hand and left.
I'm Avon Danza, the director who is requesting an operation time at 13:9.
I'm manager Avnanja, who is emphasizing more about organizational power to the players. Director Jung has scored four consecutive points from 10 to 13. That's right.
Now, Heungkuk Life Insurance's concentration has been shaken a lot in the meantime.
I saved it by moving on to the singland toss.
Moon Ji-hoon's right Moon Ji-hoon line came in. Yes, I'm in the scoring line.
It falls inwards.
Yes
Coach Ko Hee-jin was a little worried because the rotation of the ball was on the outside at the end. I pushed a long score to the 5th position. On this line
Scoring points
Now, Lee Sun-woo is scoring a lot of points. This is Lee Sun-woo, who has already scored 22 points. I'm Lee Sun-woo, who has the most points among both teams.
Jeon Dabin's serve
Right Lee Sunwoo
The gap between the four points is widening rapidly. The atmosphere of 15 to 10 to 12 sets and the atmosphere of 34 sets are so different between the two teams. I think so.
Lee Sun-woo has scored 23 points. The margin was 15 to 15 points. And I'm getting ready to serve.
The answer is "Seon-Gra". It's on the right
I like them all
It's stuck again.
It's Lee Ji-soo's blocking score from the right. It was Lee Chae-min's attempt to attack, but this was blocked by Lee Ji-soo. Lee Chae Min, Nay Ji-Soo's blocking score
The score is 16 to 10 by 6 points
Cross attack blocked. Lee Chae-min and Lee Ji-soo's blocking score. But today, Lee Chae-min got a chance to step on the court for the first time in a long time, and he's also touching a lot of arts.
But I need to score some points now This is the first game for Lee Chae-min. That's right. Yes, Chaemin Lee, who is playing his v-League debut game, has no goals so far. Yes
The score is 16 to 106 points
Lee Sun-woo scored 23 points and Moon Ji-hoon scored 17 points. In Jeonggwanjang, Jeon Da Bin and Park Hae Min
In the previous round, Lee Seo-won scored 1211 points, and Kim Dae-eun scored 14 points in the current life, so the wing striker should score some points in Heungkuk Life. That's right. Kim Daeun is now
Choi Eun-ji's score is tied to 7 points. Yes, 16 to 10 Dabin's serve continues.
Kim Da-hoon, this is included, too. Video Referee Video Referee Video Referee Request
There is an in-out reading request from the referee.
Kim Da-hoon's attack requested a video review of the in-out by the referee.
If you see the inner line when the maximum pressure of the hole is applied, yes, it's here. Yes, if you see it, you're out.
The reading confirmed that it was out. Yes, it came out. I saw the inside hand. And Kim Daeun's offense is 17 to 107 points
At some point, the success rate of the three strikers continues to decline, as well as the team as a whole. Yes
Fighting! Jeon Damin's sub, Park Su-hyun. This speed. When Heungkuk Life goes well with the set, it's a picnic like this
You scored a lot. Lee Hye-rim and Byun Ji-soo showed a lot of non-kick and mobile attack plays, but they slowed down a little from the third set.
Lim Hye-rim succeeded in masonry with Lee Ji-soo in front of her. Lim Hye-rim
It's Lee Sun-woo, who is scoring 24 points right now. Yes, Lee Sun-woo's highest score in a single game is 27 points. Yes, we have 3 points left. That's right.
Oh, it's A.C.E. Now, the game leans sharply toward the articles of association. Shin Eun Ji's serve ace
19th serve score this season. Yes
Shin Eun Ji
It was good to take the course It's very good that Shin Eun-ji usually pushes it to the end line. I'm getting netted right now
Last Pro Kim Down Flocking Scorer Twenty to Ten Scores Big Difference. Yes
Now, this is Lee Sunwoo's three blocks. Since Lee Sunwoo has 2 points on the back and 2 points on the serve
In fact, if you set your mind to it, you can achieve triple crunches. Eunji continues to prepare for serve by a score of 20 to 119.
Short
Blocking up on the right, Lee Sunwoo
It came out. Yes, yes. I hit it at an acute angle, but it's going out. Since Lee Sun-woo has found the belief in the attack, he has added confidence to the attack and his expression has definitely brightened up. That's right.
Obviously, the success rate of scoring increases, so the players' facial expressions become very bright. 1, 2, 3. Heungkuk Life's Lee Chaemin's serve
Ethos right Lee Sunwoo is not rough. I think Lee Sun-woo will be able to break his personal record in today's game. Yes
He is now playing the role of director Jeong's ace. The score was 21 to 129 points. Should I be greedy to serve? Triple-cropped. Yes
It came over right away. Back-up tie
I'm unemployed
Lee Sun-woo's rear-end attack has been recorded three times, so we just need to serve one more time. I'm Lee Sunwoo with sub Ara left until Triple Crown. Yes
Lee Sun-mi's Tugertech
There is a big gap between the two teams in the fourth set.
Now, the strikers said not to just hit me normally, but to show me some angles or other techniques using blocking.
The score is very wide open. a situation in which a margin of ten points was reached. Kim Yeon-koung looks more tired now than when she was on the court
Yes, it's a chance to score once again. Park Tae-min with a time difference between the articles of association
Park Hae-jin's heretical defeat succeeded in Spain
It's hard to put the ball up to the striker
When you look at the empty space for sure, it's good to solve it yourself. Yes, I handed it over with my left hand.
persecuted
It was a goal. It didn't fit my hand.
It didn't come over. It's Lee Song Min. It's Lee Song Min's first appearance today
I guess I was too nervous.
I'm a middle blocker who graduated from Men's Girls' High School. This season's rookie round 2, round 3
I joined in the rankings and I'm playing my v-League debut match professional debut match today.
It was a defensive back. Yes, Lee Sungmin was the second
Because there is, we catch so-called attacks. Yes, you can't step on the attack line and jump. So, it's 24 to 13 as a set point
The director's face is really stiff. Short
It became a free business. Baek Geotech's Lee Sun-woo's defense will not be able to finish it. 25 to 13
There was a little difference in score for this 4th set. First of all, Lee Sun-hoon is continuously showing good performance. Heungkuk Life lost a lot of concentration after about three sets. Yes
Set score vs
The counterattack of the late leader is now moving on to the 5th set. It's Daejeon.
Who wins this taste? Show us the Shanghai burger taste
It's a Shanghai burger that's crispier with rice flour and spicy cream noodle Toowoomba sauce
Who can beat this taste? Max Paci Shanghai Toowoomba
People who have tried it say. Differences in ingredients make a difference in effectiveness. Swelling and bleeding gum disease changes the gums with four components. It's Gattan for gum disease
Sketchers comfort is powerful. You make me who is always ready and who continues to challenge myself for a long time. With the power of comfort, Sketchers hands-free, Slivins
Crumble-coated, crunchy and crispy. 60 delicious chicken kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
It's Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon. Dodram 2024 2025 Season V-League Women's 6th Round Director Jung Red Spark Era Heungkuk Life Pink Spider Ski's 4 Set 25:15
It was a complete victory for Director Jeong. The two teams showed a big difference in attack success rate. Blocking serve
In every aspect, the articles of association showed that they were ahead of them. When it comes to mistakes, Heungkuk Life had three more. Yes
Heungkuk Life won the 5th set, the 1st and 2nd set, and the 34th set
Director Jeong got it. Now
The 5th set of fate... These players
In the case of Heungkuk Life Insurance, it's a game that doesn't affect the ranking right now
In the case of Director Jeong, it is still a game that is reflected in the ranking. That's right. I'm Jeong Kwan-jang, who is fighting this fight right now. That's right.
If we win today's game
It brings benefits to Hyundai Engineering & Construction
with three points
It's the articles of association that can bring about results. Yes
Director Jung is strong at home games
It's the most advantageous situation to come in second place. That's right. Playoffs
It's Jeong Kwan-jang, and the 2nd place team will play the first round
From Chung's point of view, the first round of the playoffs
You'll want to do it in Daejeon. Jung has played 15 regular league games so far in this match
I won 10 times. The winning rate is 66%. That's right. On the other hand
Suwon's away game is one win and one loss. I won once and lost once.
66% to 50% based on figures alone
That's right. Lee Sunwoo is now 27
I'm scoring, but I scored 10 points in the fourth set alone.
I'm almost done. That's right. And now, we're in Triple Crown
There is only one serve left.
The scoring streak continues.
Last season, Lee Sun-woo played against Pepper Savings Bank
After excluding all the main players, Lee Sunwoo played the ace role
He scored 7 points. That's right. Today, we exceeded that record beyond that game.
I was Dabin's serve.
Baek's right-handed score, Moon Ji-hoon, in the same position as Lee Sun-woo and Moon Ji-hoon
I think the scoring competition will also be a point to watch. Yes, Moon Ji-hoon and Lee Sun-woo are in charge of the afford without foreign players from both teams today. Backtos right Lee Sunwoo
Jung Kwan-jang and Park Tae-min are on the right side of Moon Ji-hoon
A mistake. Now it's not a mistake of connection, but Park Hye-min just came down with an RBI single and hit it. Yes.
Yes, I think it should be seen as the striker's fault. It's five sets, but the players need to be more calm and calm, but I passed it for now. Oh, it overlapped.
Ji Ji Ji-hoon, this led to a score. Moon Ji-hoon had no choice but to turn the ball over. Then Jeong Kwan-jang's defenders don't have to put their legs together. Yes
This is the only thing Moon Ji-hoon can do right now. That's right. We had to play a little forward defense because we couldn't spike. You caught him. Side blue
Why do you keep making straight lines come out
Coach Ko Hee-jin also has to raise his voice a little bit because he did so well in the 3rd and 4th sets, but now he's showing a little lack of concentration in the 5th set. Yes
Now we have more orders. In the 5th set, the initial atmosphere is very important.
Heungkuk Life's Tae Eun Ji's serve, ice serve, ace
Director Jeong Ji-Soo participated in the program
I jumped like this. Choi Eunjin's serve
It shook the receivers' timing as it deflected off.
Park Tae-min is in defense. I handed it over to Park Tae-min. Choi Hyo-seok, Backus, right Lee Sung-woo. Yes
Lee Sun-woo's offensive condition is getting better. If you do this, you'll be able to score 30 points in front of your eyes
It's Lee Sunwoo who's doing it. He is currently scoring 29 points. He's exceeded his career high. That's right. This is Lee Sun-woo, who broke the record from 27 points to 209. Four to two
Scoring with reason at the Undertoss Olympics in a short time
Lee Sunwoo hits
It's leading to a footy score. In the first set, Lee Sun-woo scored only four points, but he continued to accumulate points, and he is already scoring 30 points. Yes
Shin Eun Ji's serve is a good one and she went into the sideline well. Right
Oh, it's Lee Hae-dam's blocking score. If you do this, you have a tie block. Moon Jihoon is blocked. Lee Hae-dam's tie blocking
Yes, I got caught in Lee Hae-dam's right hand. Moon Jiyoon, a block game that makes it 4 to 4 tie
Kim Ji-hoon attacked in a situation where he was carrying a little. That's right. Lee Hae-dam has three points right now. He caught two blocks alone.
It was an operation time request from director Avnanza. First of all, the players that came in right now
When you analyze it, there are no players who have a lot of data. That's right. Players have to play volleyball that is completely faithful to their personal skills and basics. Lee Sunwoo scored 30 points today
But now it was Shin Eun-jin's fault. But you want to bring good results. Of course. From Heungkuk Life, Kim Hyunkyung
With Kim Hyun-kyung coming in, the atmosphere of the stadium changes. Kim Hyun-kyung is here. Kim Yeonkyung is preparing to serve. In fact, so many people are here
In a way, they're all here to see Kim Hyun-kyung's play. That's right. Kim Hyun-kyung, who is getting angry, came into the 5th set for the first time. With Jaheungguk Life leading 5 to 4, Kim Hyun-kyung serves
the left
I'm in defense. Lee Sunwoo on the right. Lee Sunwoo
He's out. Yes, he's out. It's a mistake. I'm going to request Lee Sunhee's video review I see.
Now, I requested a video review. The articles of association team requested a video review of the blocker touchout.
It's Lee Sun-woo, who was aiming for a straight line, but Kim Da-hoon put his hands inside. As a result of the at-bat, it was confirmed as no touch. Yes, it's 6 to 4
Heungkuk Life is ahead of this point.
Kim Yeon-koung's serve will continue.
Now, Kim Hyun-kyung's goal toward Da-bin before that was defended by time difference.
Starting with Eun Ji-ho and Tae-ho on the right, Lee Sun-woo hit well on the right. Huh Chang-ho
I'm Lee Sunwoo, who showed off his technique of pushing the ball further than any other angle. Yes
Yes, he is leading the articles of association well. Yes, it's six to five. And Kim Yeon-koung is out. Yes
There were also a lot of away fans from Heungkuk Life. That's right. I hit Lee Sunhee's serve and scored
There's no time to blame now. That's how I solved it.
Because it was short, I could only see that angle. Kim Hyun-kyung served twice and went back into the warm-up zone. Yes, in fact, the main players are not playing today, so I came in as a fan service.
From the left side of Korea Life Insurance's Kim Da Soles Ab Choi Hyo-sung
persecuted people
I pushed it. I'm out. It's a mistake. Kim Daeun's offense is 7 to 6
Heungkuk Life's strikers should be determined to find and deal with the ball rather than expecting it to come normally.
Behind the sub of Jeonggwanjang Park Hae Min
I'm a little nervous about my defense. Park Hyemin is right. Ahn Yerim
I hit the block and it bounced off.
Kim Daeun is stuck
This time, I'm an expletive
You hit me well. It's a score.
I'm Dabin who boldly took the swing. Exclusive Spike Of Jeon Dabin 7 To 7
The straight line was a little empty. Yes, Park Hae-jin looked very disappointed. This season's rookie, Jeon Dabin. 7:7 and this season's rookie
The competition is very fierce. That's right. Jeon Da-bin is also on the list. Nishif is exactly right
So this is all
It's a toss mistake. There are a lot of mistakes that come from his teamwork with Park Hae Jin
The strikers seem to be losing timing and having a hard time.
It's 8 to 7. Director Jeong leads by 1 point and changes the court
From now on, it's really a battle of concentration.
Kim Hyun-kyung came into the fifth set and made two serves.
Kim Hyunkyung's
The leadership on the court is really great, actually
It's comparable to anyone in the world
That's what Kim Yeon-koung did. Straight line
Slowly connect
Okay, I've done it in three levels. Yes, yes, heresy pass penking
First of all, Heungkuk Life is playing time, but the players' movements are a little different from what manager Avonja says.
Hanja is also a coach who has a great passion for victory. That's right. Even though we're on top of the regular league, the players are very
You're strongly encouraging it. In fact, Heungkuk Life has a more important game ahead of it. We're about to have a championship game, and these players have to play a good role then. Right.
Left speed ball. Correct.
Kim Daeun's ball point per hour was a little low. It was low, but now Kim Daeun has handled it well. Yes, yes, yes, yes
It was Kim Daeun's score.
When the coaches of both teams look at their faces
There are a few complaints. Yes, if the players feel like they're trying to win again, it's going to take a lot of strength. Except for Daeun's falling serve, Tae
Point Lee Sun-woo pipe attack worked. Today, Lee Sun-woo is playing the game of his life.
He's scoring the most points since he came into the professional league. The score is 10 to 8 with the success of the pipe of reason
And Jeong Suji is ready to serve. Jeong Su-ji's serve
Success from the right. Heungkuk Life Insurance players are doing their best until the end. Yes
Successful move attack by local man.
Yes, as Lim Hye-rim entered, Kim Yeon-kyung came out again.
Each movement of Kim Yeon-koung changes the reaction of these spectators. That's what I'm saying. Ten to nine
Now, push it
It's stuck behind me
The left forerunner is crossed over. I didn't get hit by the fact and moved on. Right? Yes
It's a request that Moon Ji-hoon stepped on the line when he tried to attack the rear. That was a foul on the rear attacker. Yes
It's not a request, but the referee has already decided so. Moon Ji-hoon stepped on the voluntary attack line of the rear attack.
The score is blocked by Heungkuk Life Insurance's Choi Eun-ji, whose issue is shaken by an 11-to-92 score difference. Blocking Scoring Articles of Incorporation
Before today's game, there were two blocked points. That's right. Choi Eun Ji has pierced the relationship well now. First of all, Choi Eun-ji put out the urgent light. 12 to 10
If you get two points, you can get enough points. That's right. Even the articles of association can't be reassured. Choi Hyun-ji scored even in an anxious position.
From the outside, Lee Sunwoo
Choi Eun Ji
It's blocked. Once again, rub your finger to the right
It's a mistake. Lee Hyerim
I put my hand on it, but it's out. I tried to do it in a hurry, so the timing wasn't right. I did under my eyes, but I have to roll it up from the top
Jeong Kwan Jang Jeon Dabin's serve that made 13 points
As expected, Choi Eun Ji
Now I think Choi Eun-ji's score is a little late, but she is now scoring 10 points. It was Choi Eun-ji, who has now scored double digits.
Still, in the end, both teams now have the most points scored by both wing strikers.
Well, Nishi-Bi is shaking a lot. Blocked and scored from the left side Park Hae-min, then it's a match point.
Even after giving up 12 sets, Director Jung seems to be gaining strength from the third set. That's what I'm saying. If Jung wins, he will get 2 points
You will reach 60 points first. It can widen the point gap with Hyundai Engineering & Construction by three points.
Is it out of the way? It's out of the way. Kim Daeun's attack, Jeong Sang, set score
on the dot
He recorded 3 sub-serves blocking with 43% attack success rate. Yes, it was today's game where Lee Sun-woo did a great job.
Director Jeong scored 3 to 2
We came from behind to win.
First of all, it will be a three-point difference that won the game to widen the score gap with Hyundai Engineering & Construction. Right.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction has won three games in a row
Wi-Fi is also an injury. That's right. Recently, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is showing a strategy to remove a large number of key players
There's still a game between the two teams
Yes, the game between Chung and Hyundai Engineering & Construction will be held on March 9th
I think some rankings will be confirmed in this game. Yes
The director is
Despite the music, I lowered it from the third set
He won three sets and won three to two.
Director Jeong lost points. Now it was Director Jeong who stepped on the 60-point mark. Regardless of whether we win or lose today's game, Heungkuk Life Insurance has won first place in the regular league
He's preparing for the regular league championship ceremony. Yes, that's why Heungkuk Life gave the main players a break
In fact, Heungkuk Life Insurance played in the previous game
Jung couldn't add more points
In the absence of a game, the top spot in the regular league was confirmed. To GS Caltex
I didn't get a point anymore
Heungkuk Life Insurance, who confirmed the top spot in the regular league. The players of both teams are intersecting with each other. Yes, the interview with Kim Yeon-koung
It's getting ready. Can you hear Kim Hyun-kyung well? Yes, hello Hello. Yes, yes
Regardless of the result of the game, we're going to have an interview about the first place in the regular league, but you didn't participate today Yes, that's right. That's right
However, please tell us how you feel about winning the 1st place in the regular league. To be honest, first place in the regular league
I'm so happy to be able to do it
There were a lot of difficulties during the season
We were able to confirm the regular league quickly
I feel so much better. So
I'm happy that I won the regular league, but I still have the championship game left
We will finish well until the championship so that we can finish with a unified championship.
I think there will be a lot of challenges
If you had the most memorable moment of crisis, what would it have been? As a foreign player got injured
I overcame that moment well
I'm going to hurry up and confirm it
I think I could've lost. So, the players
I think we were united. And as the team got stronger, we were able to
I think I was able to even win the regular league.
After Kim Yeon-koung returned to the v-League
I've won first place in the regular league
There's no championship game
I'm also curious about the degree of aspiration. Yes, there is a championship. It's funny, but after I came back, the victory
I always had a lot of regrets because I didn't have one. And
Well, I always
I was always satisfied that I went to the finals while playing in Korea, but this time, since it's the end
I think I want to finish with a unified championship.
We won the MVP award in the 5th round
I think he's the most MVP in the round
How do you feel about that?
Well, first of all
Yes, that's good. Yes, that's good
The reason why I won the MVP award was because my team members worked so hard
I was able to do that. I'm so thankful to my team members
And we were able to get good results
I think those things were possible because there were team members and staff.
Yes, I'm meeting with Kim Hyun-kyung.
Many fans are now regretting Kim Yeon-koung's retirement. Oppa players told me not to go
I did. Your whole volleyball life
We still have a lot of games left, but when you look back on the whole game, the most impressive game
I have a sense of foresight, but can I ask you in advance? Oh, there are so many things. I don't think it's easy to pick one.
I think the national team games are the most memorable. The Olympic games and big competitions are the most memorable
There are a lot of games left. There are a lot of games left
Don't think emotionally and wrap it up well
so that I can do it
I think I need to do it. Heungkuk Life Insurance's regular league
It's the last game in Daejeon.
In the case of Kim Yeon-kyung, there is still a championship game left in the future, but you don't know what will happen. That's right. You may never be able to come to Daejeon again. That's right. Please say something to the fans in Daejeon. Yes, so today
Even when I'm not warmed up, the director
Since it could be the last match for you, I stepped on the court
I think it was good. And today, a lot of spectators
Even though I couldn't run in the front
Thank you so much for your support
We have more games to play, so we'll do our best
I'll show it to you. Thank you.
Yes, it was Kim Yeon-koung. Thank you. Thank you. Yes
Jadodram 2024 2025 Season V League Women's 6th Round Jeonggwanjang Red Sparks De
I'm the director of Gyeonggi Chung of Heungkuk Life Pink Spiders
We've been with commentator Han Yu-mi. This is
This is Daejeon Jeongjeong Gymnasium. My self
It was thrown away in a broken state. Remember the knots and the passage of time left forever.
I didn't want it
as if to greet someone in the end
a burst of tears
I forgot about the warm promise.
a strong wind
Jo Yeo Dongsang
now faced
Let's move on like we're dancing.
It's incredibly beautiful.